[Excel] (Custom Functions) suggested changes to debugging (#801)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/custom-functions-debugging.md

### Run your add-in from Visual Studio Code

1. Open your custom functions root project folder in [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/).

> 2. Choose **Terminal -> Run Task** and type or select **Watch**. This will monitor and rebuild for any file changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Choose **Terminal > Run Task** and type or select **Watch**. This will monitor and rebuild for any file changes.
```

> 3. Choose **Terminal -> Run Task** and type or select **Dev Server**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Choose **Terminal > Run Task** and type or select **Dev Server**. 
```

### Start debugging

1. Open developer tools in the browser. For Chrome and most browsers F12 will open the developer tools.
2. In developer tools, open your source code script file (functions.js or functions.ts).

> 3. In the custom function source code, click in the margin to set a breakpoint on a line of code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the custom function source code, select the margin next to the code line number to set a breakpoint on that line.
```

Author: "select" is confusing as it implies selecting text. "click in the margin" is what VS Code docs use for setting a breakpoint.

> 3. In the custom function source code, select the margin next to the code line number to set a breakpoint on that line.

Author: "select" implies selecting text. The VS Code does mention to "click in the margin" to set a breakpoint, so I used that terminology.   

"Breakpoints can be toggled by clicking on the editor margin."
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/debugging#_breakpoints

Reviewer: We can't use click because it's not accessible, so MSFT voice guidelines says to use select.

Author: Can we just say to "set a breakpoint" and then refer to VS Code docs for more info?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the custom function source code, you can toggle a breakpoint in the margin of the code. For more information on setting breakpoints and advanced breakpoint settings, see [Debugging in Visual Studio](https://code.visualstudio.com/Docs/editor/debugging#_breakpoints). 
```
Something like this? Ideally, we don't really want them to have to read another article to figure it out but it's worth putting in the first mention I think in case someone is new

Author: No, more like:

3. [Set a breakpoint](https://code.visualstudio.com/Docs/editor/debugging#_breakpoints) in the custom function source code.

Author: Developers will know how to set a breakpoint. We don't have to be overly explanatory about it.

Reviewer: Ah ok!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. [Set a breakpoint](https://code.visualstudio.com/Docs/editor/debugging#_breakpoints) in the custom function source code. 
```
FWIW I put in a PR to the VS Code guys' docs because they shouldn't use click either

### Run your add-in from VS Code

1. Open your custom functions root project folder in [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/).

> 2. Choose **Terminal -> Run Task** and type or select **Watch**. This will monitor and rebuild for any file changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Choose **Terminal > Run Task** and type or select **Watch**. This will monitor and rebuild for any file changes.
```

> 3. Choose **Terminal -> Run Task** and type or select **Dev Server**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Choose **Terminal > Run Task** and type or select **Dev Server**. 
```

### Start debugging

1. In VS code, open your source code script file (functions.js or functions.ts).

> 2. In the custom function source code, click in the margin to set a breakpoint on a line of code. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the custom function source code, select in the margin next to the code line numbers to set a breakpoint on that line. 
```

> 2. In the custom function source code, select in the margin next to the code line numbers to set a breakpoint on that line. 

Author: Same point: "click on the editor margin" instead of "select in the margin".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the custom function source code, you can toggle a breakpoint in the margin of the code.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the custom function source code, set a breakpoint.
```

### Run your add-in from Visual Studio Code

1. Open your custom functions root project folder in [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/).

> 2. Choose **Terminal -> Run Task** and type or select **Watch**. This will monitor and rebuild for any file changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Choose **Terminal > Run Task** and type or select **Watch**. This will monitor and rebuild for any file changes.
```

> 3. Choose **Terminal -> Run Task** and type or select **Dev Server**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Choose **Terminal > Run Task** and type or select **Dev Server**. 
```

### Start the VS Code debugger

> 4. Choose **View -> Debug** or enter **Ctrl+Shift+D** to switch to debug view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Choose **View > Debug** or enter **Ctrl+Shift+D** to switch to debug view.
```

5. From the Debug options, choose **Office Online (Edge)**.
6. Open Excel Online using the Microsoft Edge browser, open Excel Online, and create a new workbook.
7. Choose **Share** in the ribbon and copy the link for the URL for this new workbook.

> 8. Select **F5** (or choose **Debug -> Start Debugging** from the menu) to begin debugging. A prompt will appear, which asks for the URL of your document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Select **F5** (or choose **Debug> Start Debugging** from the menu) to begin debugging. A prompt will appear, which asks for the URL of your document.
```

Author: Shouldn't this use ` -> ` like all of the other places?

> 8. Select **F5** (or choose **Debug> Start Debugging** from the menu) to begin debugging. A prompt will appear, which asks for the URL of your document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Select **F5** (or choose **Debug > Start Debugging** from the menu) to begin debugging. A prompt will appear, which asks for the URL of your document.
```

9. Paste in the URL for your workbook and press Enter.

### Sideload your add-in   

> 1. Open the  **Insert** tab on the ribbon and, in the **Add-ins** section, choose **Office Add-ins**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the  **Insert** tab on the ribbon and in the **Add-ins** section, choose **Office Add-ins**.
```

2. On the  **Office Add-ins** dialog, select the **MY ADD-INS** tab, choose **Manage My Add-ins**, and then  **Upload My Add-in**.
    
    ![The Office Add-ins dialog with a drop-down in the upper right reading "Manage my add-ins" and a drop-down below it with the option "Upload My Add-in"](../images/office-add-ins-my-account.png)

> 3.  **Browse** to the add-in manifest file, and then select **Upload**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  **Browse** to the add-in manifest file and then select **Upload**.
```

    
    ![The upload add-in dialog with buttons for browse, upload, and cancel.](../images/upload-add-in.png)

### Set breakpoints
1. In VS Code, open your source code script file (functions.js or functions.ts).

> 2. In the source code, click in the margin to set a breakpoint on a line of code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the source code, select in the margin next to a line of code to set a breakpoint on that line.
```
